Ouch brother money
You can come, come, come.
Lord Zhou, hurry up, hurry up
Hey, you're finally here.
Lord Zhou, I don't know what you called Caomin to come.
Brother Qin
To tell you the truth
Or because of arson?
Isn't the arson case closed?
Just now
Zhang Zhijie died in prison
What!
You know the night your uncle invited the long-distance arson
Why go to Lord Zhang Ji's house?
The grass people do not know
It's not in the file
Of course.
After all, this matter involves the Ministry of Household Affairs
There was a big deficit.
How much is the amount involved?
Ten million taels of Wenyin
Hmm copy lord
I shouldn't have listened to this
No no no no
You should know.
Do you know who discovered who?
Waterfalls are wolves
Lord Zhang Ji
Your second uncle was ordered by him to investigate this matter secretly
That night.
They are discussing it here.
It is precisely because the evidence was conclusive
His Majesty never ordered the robbery
Behind these things
It's just too big.
One wonders.
The Tiger case is by no means as simple as it appears
It's a pity that Lord Zhang Ji is dead
Involved in the tax and silver case
All leads are interrupted
So do you understand?
This heavy weapons case
It is by no means a simple Zhang Jizhi killing his brother and serving his father
Corruption is so simple
The most important thing is that Zhang Zhijie is dead
We were going to get something out of him.
I didn't expect it.
Eh
My lord, this is none of our business
After all, the case is solved
This case has many implications.
It's not as simple as you think
Your previous words
Force Zhang Zhijie to plead guilty
But that's not necessarily true.
At least not the whole truth.
elder brother